📖 WIP Restructure release docs stack (#9906)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/release/role-handbooks/communications/README.md

- Documentation familiarity::  - Explore project's [documentation](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/introduction) and start learning how to update and maintain it.
- Communication channels:
  - Learn about project's primary communication channels, including Slack, mailing list and office hours. Try to understand how information is distributed and how to use them effectively for announcements, updates and discussions related to the release cycle.

## Release Tasks
This document details the responsibilities and tasks for release lead team in the release process.

   - [Responsibilities](#responsibilities)
  - [Tasks](#tasks)
    - [Add docs to collect release notes for users and migration notes for provider implementers](#add-docs-to-collect-release-notes-for-users-and-migration-notes-for-provider-implementers)
    - [Update supported versions](#update-supported-versions)
    - [Ensure the book for the new release is available](#ensure-the-book-for-the-new-release-is-available)

>     - [Generate weekly PR updates to post in Slack](#generate-weekly-pr-updates-to-post-in-slack)

Reviewer: both of these sections appear to have been dropped from the content: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/af7ef298810de29ade959f4252087069eb49ae5d/docs/release/release-tasks.md?plain=1#L327

    - [Create PR for release notes](#create-pr-for-release-notes)
    - [Change production branch in Netlify to the new release branch](#change-production-branch-in-netlify-to-the-new-release-branch)
    - [Update clusterctl links in the quickstart](#update-clusterctl-links-in-the-quickstart)
    - [Continuously: Communicate key dates to the community](#continuously-communicate-key-dates-to-the-community)
    - [Communicate beta to providers](#communicate-beta-to-providers)

❗Notes:his document are based on the v1.6 release cycle.
- This document focuses on tasks that are done for every release. One-time improvement tasks are out of scope.
- If a task is prefixed with [Track] it means it should be ensured that this task is done, but the folks with the corresponding role are not responsible to do it themselves.

## Responsibilities

- Communication:
  - Communicate key d  - Communicate key dates to the community
- Documentation:r  - Improve release process documentation
  - Ensure the book and provider upgrade documentation are up-to-date
  - Maintain and improve user facing documentation about releases, release policy and release calendar

> - Release Notes:s  - Create PR with release notes

Reviewer: this looks like it got chopped up, should adhere to the original formatting: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/af7ef298810de29ade959f4252087069eb49ae5d/docs/release/release-tasks.md?plain=1#L301-L308

> ## Tasksrelease notes for users and migration notes for provider implementers

Reviewer: this looks like it got chopped up, should adhere to the original formatting: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/af7ef298810de29ade959f4252087069eb49ae5d/docs/release/release-tasks.md?plain=1#L310-L312

    - To add new subdomains t    - To add new subdomains to the certificate config, checkout the email snippet [template](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/issues/6017#issuecomment-1823306891) for reference.
3. Update references in introduction.md only on the main branch (drop unsupported versions, add the new release version).    <br>Prior art: [Add release 1.5 book link](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/9767) to post in Slack

The goal of this task is to keep the CAPI community updated on recent PRs that have been merged. This is done by using the weekly update tool in `hack/tools/release/weekly/main.go`. Here is how to use it:

1. Checkout the latest commit on the release branch, e.g. `release-1.6`, or the main branch if the release branch doesn't yet exist (e.g. beta release).
2. Build the release weekly update tools binary.

   ```bash
   make release-weekl   ```basho   make release-weekly-update-tooldate with the following command:

   ```bash
   ./bin/weekly --from YYYY-MM-DD --to YYYY-MM-DD --milestone v1.x
   ```

> 4. Paste the output into a new Slack message in the [`#cluster-api`](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C8TSNPY4T) channel. Currently, we post separate messages in a thread for `main` and the two most recent release branches (e.g. `release-1.5` and `release-1.4`).

Reviewer: this whole section appears to have been improperly formatted, should adhere to the initial formatting: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/af7ef298810de29ade959f4252087069eb49ae5d/docs/release/release-tasks.md?plain=1#L310

- Documentation familiarity:
    - Explore project's documentation and start learning how to update and maintain it.
- Communication channels:
    - Learn about project's primary communication channels, including Slack, mailing list and office hours. Try to understand how information is distributed and how to use them effectively for announcements, updates and discussions related to the release cycle.

# Release Tasks

This document details the responsibilities and tasks for release lead team in the release process.

❗Notes:

* The examples in this document are based on the v1.6 release cycle.
* This document focuses on tasks that are done for every release. One-time improvement tasks are out of scope.
* If a task is prefixed with [Track] it means it should be ensured that this task is done, but the folks with the corresponding role are not responsible to do it themselves.

- [Communications/Docs/Release Notes Manager](#communicationsdocsrelease-notes-manager)
  - [Responsibilities](#responsibilities-1)

>   - [Tasks](#tasks-1)

Reviewer: seems like the links were removed rather than fixed?  i think it would be nice to retain a nav section within each team directory's readme

# Onboarding Notes

Welcome to the Cluster API Comms Team onboarding documentation!

## Overview

- Understand Release Process:

>   - Get to know how project's release process works.

Reviewer 2: I think this might be a bit too general. It could help to reference the release timeline instead and understand how communications come into play there.

>   - Walk through the [release note generation process](#create-pr-for-release-notes) and try to generate notes by yourself. This is the most important process the comms team is in charge of.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Walk through the [release note generation process](#create-pr-for-release-notes) and try to generate notes by yourself.
```
nit: I think that we can remove this for less clutter as the Overview should be listed by importance.

>   - Familiarize yourself with the release notes tool [code](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/main/hack/tools/release). You'll probably need to update this code during the release cycle to cover new cases or add new features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Understand the release notes tool [code](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/main/hack/tools/release). The release team is in charge of maintaining this tool and updating it to cover new cases or add new features.
```

- Documentation familiarity:

>   - Explore project's documentation and start learning how to update and maintain it.

Reviewer 2: I think it would help to list what docs to look at as well as a sample PR for updating it.
